hailer Richter's ed welcome to this new
video and I've been waiting for this so
long to play GTA 5 in fear to reality
and today's the day we can finally do
that so let's go into the game and I'm
gonna show you all the cool stuff
because it's so so awesome so let's go
into future reality yeah so here we are
in GTA and oh my god this looks amazing
take a look at this look at the Sun
flare I I don't even know how to say it
is I mean I'm kind of speechless about
how this looks in fiar and it looks
kinda realistic as well that guy wasn't
even looking at me let's just go this
way let's just explore a bit like stores
are where you can also run we go and
yeah guys I have played some hours with
some friends as well and it was so much
fun we jumped out of course we jumped
from mountains and all the crazy shit
that you can only do in fiar to get the
best experience you know and they're
selling pizza well that's nice
you can also buy masks here I already
did it I'm kind of new to the game I
didn't played it that much yet but wow
it's it's it's great I mean the site is
so cool and there's a roller coaster
there maybe we can try it out let's just
go there we can get a car and then drive
there I think that should work out let's
steal it
there you go you even got a milkshake
here Wow I love milkshakes so let's turn
around because we should be able to go
here yeah there we go
we have sorry people I'm gonna be very
careful and I'll hit anyone okay I hit
someone I I don't care anymore I already
did it
well the driving is a little bit
confusing I mean it's very bubbly and
bubbly and I don't know how to say it
but you're crashing a lot let's just say
it like that it's it's pretty hard to
stare that way didn't ride helicopters
yet and I also didn't ride motorcycles
yet but motorcycles should be really
really cool wow they're even a course
here nice car man
holy shit look at this one oh sorry you
got a reading nice car man serious and
sorry that I just wish you and I was
running away okay seems legit Los Santos
Del perro Pia okay let's go I don't want
to get sick I don't want to let's go
okay can I get in
oh yes there we go got a little
animation right now I can't look around
anymore
now I can holy shit Oh God
this feels really weird guys Oh God
oh shit oh man
oh hello this is go pretty fast Oh God
well this is only for advanced users in
fiora I mean if you are new to fiora I'm
not sure if you should try a roller
coaster like this oh my god
it's going so fast I love the color of
the track by the way it's very orange
just have to focus on something else I
mean Oh God
are here again dude that's crazy ride
holy shit
can I get out oh yes okay
oh I have to out save okay there we go
Oh can we try to ferris wheel as well or
the ferris wheel also okay let's try it
there we go
okay something happening oh yeah here we
go oh god I can't look up right now I
can only look to the left and a ride of
it but series guys this is amazing if
you get a rift you definitely try this I
mean GTA with the rift
that's a dream of every gamer or well my
dream for sure I waited for this for a
couple of years but yeah this is great I
want to get out right now I'm already
bored of this ferris wheel to be honest
let's get out let's explore some more
that's getting night as well oh my god
this is straight I don't even know what
to show you guys here I mean GTA is huge
you can do so much stuff here maybe we
can just get another car and drive
around some more I think that would be
fun or there's like a parking lot here
or a parking place let's jump down oh my
god oh well that was a hard landing for
sure
okay let's yeah let's go oh my god let's
just drive over the sand because why not
no there's a campfire over there very
cozy oh my god the city looks beautiful
at night I can even see the airplane
over there I didn't try an airplane yet
I would love to but uh there's so much
to explore I don't even know where to
store it anymore you know holy shit Oh
oh my god well that was a funny feeling
that's for sure let's just go back
because I want to drive some more true
to city hope you guys enjoy it is I mean
playing this way the rift is a different
experience and I I mean it feels much
more real I don't even know how to
explain it feels like you're actually
there you know and that's really cool oh
a motorcycle yep motorcycle oh whoa oh
my god I shouldn't do that too much I'm
getting really sick when I do that okay
motorcycle let's go
oh my god this is amazing Wow holy crap
this is actually really awesome can even
do the slow-motion thing we got in the
single-player well that's really
something I can use when I play it like
this I want to go faster
if I can where are we going
where are we going where are we going I
didn't even know Oh God
don't go into the water and 80 just go
back and I'm sorry I mean as a graphics
wouldn't be that amazing it would look a
little bit stupid and I just jump into
the water oh god I can't even swim funny
feeling as well
oh don't die please if there are any
sharks here then I'm gonna be scared for
sure oh I just fell down again
there we go well I'm gonna stop here for
now but I want to thank you for watching
and of course if you like this then hit
that like button do you want to see more
DTA with the oculus rift then let me
know I can show more like going into
helicopters going to a strip club or to
the Playboy Mansion I don't know we can
do everything just let me know what you
want to see and that's it and as all we
say and I see guys next time